Add Exceptions section and Examples for the `appendBuffer` method of `SourceBuffer` (#39216)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/sourcebuffer/appendbuffer/index.md

### Exceptions

- {{domxref("DOMException")}} `QuotaExceededError`
  - : The buffer is full, and no more data can be appended. This might occur if the `SourceBuffer` has reached a browser-defined limit on the amount of buffered data.
- {{domxref("DOMException")}} `InvalidStateError`
  - : Thrown in one of the following cases:
    - The `SourceBuffer` object's `updating` attribute is `true`. You must wait for any previous append, update, or remove operations to complete (indicated by the `updateend` event) before calling `appendBuffer()` again.
    - The `SourceBuffer` has been removed from the `sourceBuffers` attribute of the parent media source.

>     - The `HTMLMediaElement`'s `error` attribute is not null.

Author: You are definitely right. I think this is explained [here](https://www.w3.org/TR/media-source-2/#dfn-segment-parser-loop:~:text=If%20the%20%5B%5Binput%20buffer%5D%5D%20contains%20bytes%20that%20violate%20the)

## Examples

### Basic usage

This example demonstrates adding video data to a video element for playback. The `MediaSource` provides the video data, and the `SourceBuffer` adds that data. The example fetches video segment data, appends it to the `SourceBuffer`, and ends the stream when finished.

```js
const mediaSource = new MediaSource();
const video = document.querySelector("video");
video.src = URL.createObjectURL(mediaSource);

mediaSource.addEventListener("sourceopen", () => {
  const sourceBuffer = mediaSource.addSourceBuffer(
    'video/mp4; codecs="avc1.42E01E, mp4a.40.2"',
  );

  fetch("/my-video-segment.mp4")
    .then((response) => response.arrayBuffer())
    .then((buffer) => {
      sourceBuffer.appendBuffer(buffer);
      sourceBuffer.addEventListener("updateend", () => {
        if (mediaSource.readyState === "open") {
          mediaSource.endOfStream();
        }
      });

>     });

Author: Would something like this be ok?
```js
mediaSource.addEventListener("sourceopen", async () => {
  try {
    const sourceBuffer = mediaSource.addSourceBuffer('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.42E01E, mp4a.40.2"');

    const response = await fetch("/my-video-segment.mp4");
    const buffer = await response.arrayBuffer();

    sourceBuffer.appendBuffer(buffer);

    await new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
      sourceBuffer.addEventListener("updateend", resolve, { once: true });
      sourceBuffer.addEventListener("error", reject, { once: true });
    });

    if (mediaSource.readyState === "open") {
      mediaSource.endOfStream();
    }
  } catch (error) {
    console.error("Error during video segment update:", error);
  }
});
```

>     });

Reviewer: Why can't you do:

```js
mediaSource.addEventListener("sourceopen", async () => {
  const sourceBuffer = mediaSource.addSourceBuffer(
    'video/mp4; codecs="avc1.42E01E, mp4a.40.2"',
  );

  const response = await fetch("/my-video-segment.mp4");
  const buffer = await response.arrayBuffer();
  sourceBuffer.appendBuffer(buffer);
  sourceBuffer.addEventListener("updateend", () => {
    if (mediaSource.readyState === "open") {
      mediaSource.endOfStream();
    }
  });
});
```

?

(that said, I think it's always better to build a real working mini-example to check that these code snippets work properly.)

>     });

Author: I will try to build some working examples during the weekend, to make sure everything works and to deepen my understanding.

>     });

Author: Hey @wbamberg, I’ve been away from this API for a bit, but I’m planning to re-engage and spend some time exploring it again. I’ll follow up once I’ve made some progress.

### Exceptions

> - {{domxref("DOMException")}} `QuotaExceededError`
>   - : The buffer is full, and no more data can be appended. This might occur if the `SourceBuffer` has reached a browser-defined limit on the amount of buffered data.
> - {{domxref("DOMException")}} `InvalidStateError`
>   - : Thrown in one of the following cases:
>     - The `SourceBuffer` object's `updating` attribute is `true`. You must wait for any previous append, update, or remove operations to complete (indicated by the `updateend` event) before calling `appendBuffer()` again.
>     - The `SourceBuffer` has been removed from the `sourceBuffers` attribute of the parent media source.
>     - The `HTMLMediaElement`'s `error` attribute is not null.

Reviewer 2: the format for exception name should be:

```suggestion
- `QuotaExceededError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : The buffer is full, and no more data can be appended. This might occur if the `SourceBuffer` has reached a browser-defined limit on the amount of buffered data.
- `InvalidStateError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Throws if one of the following cases occurs:
    - The `SourceBuffer` object's `updating` attribute is `true`. You must wait for any previous append, update, or remove operations to complete (indicated by the `updateend` event) before calling `appendBuffer()` again.
    - The `SourceBuffer` has been removed from the `sourceBuffers` attribute of the parent media source.
    - The `HTMLMediaElement`'s `error` attribute is not `null`.
```

refers to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Page_types/API_method_subpage_template#exceptions

also some other small typo suggest

Author: @skyclouds2001 This is very helpful. Thank you ☺️

> Additionally, errors can occur after the `updatestart` has been fired and the `appendBuffer()` method has returned: for example, because the buffer contained bytes that were incorrectly formatted. In this situation the `error` event will be fired on this `SourceBuffer` instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, errors can occur after the `updatestart` event has been fired and the `appendBuffer()` method has returned: for example, because the buffer contained bytes that were incorrectly formatted. In this situation the `error` event will be fired on this `SourceBuffer` instance.
```

maybe?
